DAN: Marucho, Drago and I were on a mission
to save New Vestroia.
So we joined up with the Bakugan Battle Brawlers Resistance.
Mira... Ace... And Baron.
Now we can battle the Vexos and free the Bakugan!
Every battle makes us stronger and brings us
closer to our goal.
Now we just have to smash all three Dimension
Controllers to free the Bakugan!
How hard can that be?
We're ready to roll...
Bakugan Brawl!
\u266a What are you going to do? \u266a
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
RUNO: Are you serious?
You mean that weirdo in the chicken suit
who grabbed me is the leader of the Vexos?
Next time I run into him, I'll pluck his feathers.
And serve him for dinner!
We Vestals shouldn't have moved to New Vestroia in
the first place.
You can't blame yourself, Mira.
You didn't know.
Runo's right.
Guilt is so yesterday.
That Spectra's got us all amped up...
Can we just forget about him for a minute?
THINKING: I wish I could forget.
But I've got to know if my brother Keith
is underneath the mask of my worst enemy...
KATO: Attention passengers...
Please fasten your seat belts and prepare for landing...
Thanks so much for choosing to fly Air Marucho.
Your sky buddy.
BARON: Coool!
We're going to rock the house at Master Dan's!
Woooohooooo!
DAN: Dude, you need to calm down.
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Unmasked\".
[phone rings]
Hi, Miyoko here...
Dan?
Are you back?
Yeah, Mom...
Sorry, I got hung up.
Dan, you know the rules...
Always call if you're going to be late.
We're going, Dan!
Yes!
Wait! We can talk later.
I'm bringing friends over... Bye.
What? How many?
DAN: Since we can't get back to New Vestroia
till the Dimensional Transporter is back up,
we need to keep training and stay sharp.
JULIE: You okay, Baron?
BARON: I am awesome!
Wow!
Whoa!
DAN: Dial it down, Baron.
You're gonna strain something.
Hey Dan?
What's with Mira?
She looks kinda spaced out.
I don't know.
No big deal...
She's probably stressing about her brother.
It's her favourite thing to do.
She's our leader and all, but she'd be a lot cooler
if she wasn't so intense.
If I worried about as many things as she does,
my head would explode.
The only thing Dan ever thinks about is brawling.
Twenty four/seven...
He's all... Bakugan Brawl!
She's got your number!
So what?
That's what gives me my brawling edge!
Dan sure is passionate about brawling.
You've got that right.
So... what's the deal with him and Runo?
Huh? Ooooh...
Man, who knows?
They're together.
They're not.
They're soooo dramatic.
Dan's kind of my hero too.
He saved the whole planet, you know.
THINKING: Hero, huh?
I just don't always share my big ideas.
THINKING: My hero was always my brother.
And I guess he always will be.
Whoa!
What is that thing?
Uuuuh, you mean the roller coaster?
We don't have anything like that back on Vestal.
But where does it go, Master Dan?
Go?
It's a ride that's designed to make you feel
sick and dizzy...
Sounds like fun, doesn't it?
That sounds sick...
I mean good sick!
MIRA: We've been working hard, Dan.
It's time to kick back a little.
Okay... Why not?
What could happen to us here?
Aaaarr Matey!
Welcome aboard all you landlubbers!
Step up!
Hit the bullseye! Win a prize!
This place is so cool.
Can we live here?
Look!
That whole family's green.
Technicolour yawn!
Are you kidding?
This is disgusting.
So many humans. Wow.
Come on! The roller coaster's this way!
Hey... Where'd the others go?
Beats me.
This means no roller coaster?
Just great...
So how are we going to find them in this crowd?
So.. Whatcha wanna do?
Let's ride the Spine Smasher!
Oh brother.
Haven't the two of you had enough of these
juvenile pastimes?
Oh wow!
Dan and Runo of the Battle Brawlers!
Looks like we've got fans.
It's me!
Brandon!
Don't you remember?
My friends and I joined you guys
for the fight against Naga
when he tried to take over the world.
Bakugan Brawl!
We blew Naga away!
Put her there, Brandon.
Maybe we can brawl together another time.
I'll have to ask my mom.
You don't think Dan and the others ditched us, do you?
Naaah.
They probably got distracted by something shiny.
Wow everyone looks so happy.
The fight to free the Bakugan seems unreal.
Okay... then let's join them.
Where... are we?
On Earth...
I took precautions.
We still have unfinished business with Dan Kuso.
Where's the Twist-N'-Hurl?
We're walking in circles...
It can't be!
What?
Mira?
Mommy, look!
Who are those guys?
I think they're a boy band.
'Scuze me!
Hey!
It couldn't be them.
Is there something wrong?
Sorry, Julie.
Again with the running?
Slow down, Mira...
What's going on?
Spectra!
Oh boy...
Aren't you guys hot in those coats?
We meet again.
But how?
We transported both of you back to New Vestroia.
Want to know how?
We were able to triangulate on Dan Kuso's
gauntlet and redirect our transporter gate
to his location.
And presto!
Here we are.
So what do you want this time?
As I said...
I want you all to join me.
You know my answer.
Don't be foolish.
We both want
to destroy the man who's holding the Bakugan.
Prince Hydron is the true villain here.
A real prince?
How do we know...
that you're telling us the truth?
Everyone knows you're Prince Hydron's stooge.
I only infiltrated Prince Hydron's Inner Circle...
to find the truth.
Wow.
Keep your friends close...
and keep your enemies even closer.
Keith?
Who's Keith?
It's you! Isn't it?
You've got to tell me!
Tell me or I'll wipe that smile off your face!
Why won't you answer?
[angered groan]
You want to keep playing your little games?
Okay then.
I challenge you to a brawl...
And if I win you have to...
Take off that mask!
No way!
Very well...
I accept...
your challenge.
However...
If I win you will join me and the Vexos
against Prince Hydron.
Okay fine...
You've got a deal.
One other condition...
You will battle me.
But that's not what I agreed to!
Cheater!
Too bad!
Master Spectra doesn't waste his skills
on a lightweight like you...
You want to battle him?
You have to go through me.
You should thank me.
There's no way you'd even come close
to beating New Vestroia's number one Brawler.
At least this way you have a chance, right?
So it's settled then...
You will battle Gus in my stead.
Okay then...
But stick around.
As soon as I win, I 'm taking that mask off.
Gauntlet...
Power Strike!
You go, girl!
Brawls are different on Earth, but I'll help you.
Subterra battlers should stick together!
Okay!
Let's brawl!
There's more brawling after this!
It's time for the takedown!
Bakugan Brawl!
Stop stalling and start brawling!
That's tough talk...
Mira.
Gate card open.
Let's do it, Vulcan...
Bakugan Brawl!
I do not know this land
but I'm sure it will give me strength!
We'll see about that.
Subterra Wilda, you're up! Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Oh no!
I didn't think Vulcan's Power Level would be so high.
JULIE: No worries, Mira!
We know something they don't know!
MIRA: We do?
Trust me!
Gus and that Viking dude won't know what hit them.
As long as you have the land on your side,
you're unbeatable!
I don't get it.
Hello?
Believing in Wilda and the power of Subterra gives
you both extra strength!
Sounds good to me...
Let's do this.
Don't worry.
Those guys look like they spend more time on their
hair than they do on strategy.
Show them your power, Gus.
No problem.
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate! Titan Knuckle!
Nothing can beat Vulcan's sheer power.
Especially when he's taking that power
from Wilda!
Ability Activate!
Gun Lock!
Lock and load!
MIRA: Aw, come on!
It's not enough!
Mira!
Are you even listening?
Later!
An impressive opening, Gus.
... You taught me...
Ability Activate!
Screw jolt!
This is gonna hurt.
It's going to wipe you out!
Wait! Not that card...
Mira.
You've got to think like a Subterra...
'Kay!
What are they up to?
Those fists can't hurt Wilda...
if they can't hit him, right?
Oooh! I follow.
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
Clay Wall!
So much for your Vulcan's extra power, Gus!
Drill your way through this!
Yes!
Nice work, blocking those punches, Wilda.
Looks like someone could use a hand.
Laugh while you can.
One trick is not enough to win a battle...
Or is it, Gus?
We shall see...
Vulcan!
Titan Knuckle!
JULIE: This guy's a broken record.
His skin looks dry...
I think it's time we gave Vulcan a mud bath.
Me too!
This ought to wipe out his ability.
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set.
Ability Activate!
Sand Beast!
Talk about a hole in one!
This isn't a brawl!
It's a joke!
And now...
the punchline!
Okay!
Ability Activate.
Quicksand Hole!
Now you're really going down!
On no!
Time to sink or swim, Gus.
GAUNTLET: Vulcan: minus two zero zero.
No one laughs at me...
I summon Bakugan Trap Hexados!
Now it's my turn to play!
Here's my game!
Ability Activate!
Land Twist!
Let him go!
GUS: What's the matter?
Don't you like my little squeeze play?
Hang on, Wilda!
You are so done!
Wrong!
We've got you now!
Mira!
Don't you think it's time to heat this battle up?
Wilda, you ready?
Do it!
Okay!
Ability Activate!
Molten Rock!
What now?
I'm just getting warmed up!
Nice, Wilda!
He's hot! You're not!
And you've had your last shot!
Come on!
He's burning away Vulcan and Hexados' power levels.
You should have stayed in bed this morning, Gus!
MIRA: I'm going to win Spectra...
And then we'll see who is behind the mask!
She is right, Master Spectra...
But I won't underestimate her again...
Oh Please....
You can try all you want...
But I've got...
Wilda and...
Julie...
and the earth itself on my side!
Gate Card Open!
Bakugan Brawl!
Wilda Stand!
Ready for round two!
Vulcan!
Show them what a real Subterra can do!
Time to get schooled!
Now, Ability Activate!
Titan Knuckle!
Ability Activate!
Clay Wall!
Some people never learn...
Ability Activate!
Heavy Aegis!
Take these for a spin!
Oh no! Wilda!
No Clay Wall will stop those things!
GAUNTLET: Wilda, Minus 200.
Vulcan, plus 400.
I'll huff and I'll puff and I'll
blow your wall down!
Wilda!
We know your strategy now.
We'll see...
How 'bout a taste of your own...
medicine?
Subterra Bakugan Trap...
Baliton!
Ability Activate!
Flai Roller!
Wanna play rough?
Fine by me.
Wilda, go!
Double your trouble!
GAUNTLET: Increase 200!
You think you've won?
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set!
Ability Activate!
Viblow!
JULIE: Mira!
Watch out!
Now you'll see why Vulcan is king of the ring!
They demolished us.
GUS: One more and you're going down!
Don't worry.
I will make this quick!
Gate Card Open!
Rise, Vulcan!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Let's go, Wilda!
And Bakugan Trap, Baliton!
Ability Activate!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set.
Apollon Head!
Who's on the ropes now?
JULIE: Let's wrap this up, Mira.
Right, Julie!
Ability Activate!
Iron Plate!
Careful, Gus.
She's not giving up.
That's good...
It makes winning sweeter...
Go Hexados!
Take this brawl underground!
Not so fast!
Ability Activate!
Ground Detonator!
You've got serious hang-ups!
In that case I'll win...
with double attacks!
Double Ability Activate!
Titan Knuckle plus...
Screw Impact!
Numbers don't lie...
...The victory is Spectra's...
Ready...Mira? Yeah!
What?
Add this up, Math Whiz!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set!
Ability Activate...
Copycat!
Let's bring this battle home!
JULIE: Yeah! Crunch those numbers!
Impossible!
JULIE: Going, going, gone!
I'm sorry...
Master Spectra.
Not so fast.
You're not backing out on the deal you made with Mira.
Mira won fair and square, thanks to crybaby here.
No master!
The loss is mine, not yours.
Don't let her unmask you!
So what do you say?
Are you a man of your word?
Don't do it!
Let's just leave here and go back to New Vestroia.
You sure are a sore loser.
I guess you Vexos really aren't trustworthy.
Dan was right about guys.
GUS: Master, no!
Come on... Show me your face!
A promise
is a promise.
Maybe this will prove I'm a friend to the Bakugan...
...and something more to you.
MIRA: It is you...
Keith!
But why?
Who is it?
MIRA: That's my greatest enemy.
And... ...my brother.
Hey Brawlers, Ace here.
Things are hopping back on New Vestroia.
When Drago went back to Earth he took the power
of the Perfect Core with him...
...and now the remaining Dimension Controllers
are stronger than ever!
Shun, Marucho and I try to go it alone but end up
walking into a Vexos trap!
I hope Dan and the others get back soon,
because we're going to need all the help we can get!
This is for Mira!
Bakugan Brawl!
It's sink or swim, next time on Bakugan!